[chimes tinkling]
[wind whistling]
Howzer, I'm approaching with the Senator.
What's your status?
All clear up top.
Greer, is the interior secure?
[Greer on comm]
Affirmative. We're standing by.
Copy that. Stay alert.
[GS-8] I'm not certain it was wise
to come out of hiding, Senator.
It is not safe for us here.
We're not safe anywhere, GS-8.
We must continue on.
[GS-8 sighs] I suppose so.
Don't worry. My team is in position.
Right this way.
Sorry we're late.
I had to take a few extra precautions.
Of course.
Senator Singh,
thank you for meeting with me.
Please, have a seat.
I'll leave you to it.
I must apologize for all the secrecy.
Unfortunately, it is a necessity.
I must say your request was unexpected.
Seeing as how our planets were on
opposite sides during the Clone War.
I believe we are now united
in wanting the same things.
The Separatist Senate
may not exist any longer,
but our desire for true independence
has not faded.
That is a growing sentiment
among my people as well.
There are whispers.
The Emperor is concerned that planets
and systems may unite and oppose him.
That will be difficult to do.
With no unifying leaders on our side,
we're at a disadvantage.
Yes, but the Emperor needs to be cautious.
Public opinion could turn on him quickly.
He cannot just strike out at us openly.
Such limitations haven't stopped them
from occupying planets, including my own.
But I would do anything for my people.
For Raxus.
What are you suggesting?
[grunts]
[chokes]
[comm beeps]
Samson, report.
[Samson] Cold. But quiet.
Greer.
Greer, come in.
[comm beeps]
[Howzer] Rex, Greer's not responding.
Check the kitchen.
Intruder! Protect the Senators!
-[detonator powering up]
-[Rex] Everyone down!
The assailant's gone underground.
We're in pursuit.
We've got eyes on him. He's heading
for the southern maintenance tower.
[Howzer] On it.
[detonator powering up]
[speeder bike approaches]
[grunting]
I got him.
It's one of those shadows
we keep running into.
We secured the assassin.
But I'd advise you and Singh to keep
a lower profile until we know more.
If I get any intel out of him,
I'll let you know.
Understood. Thank you, Rex.
You think he'll cooperate?
I wouldn't count on it,
but we have to try.
We recovered this from his gear.
It's a data puck. Highly encrypted.
Have Fireball find out what's on it
when we get back to base camp.
Did you extract the device?
The electro capsule was implanted
in one of his teeth. Just like you said.
His identifying number's been wiped too.
What exactly did the Empire do to him?
What's your name, trooper?
Listen, no matter what they did to you,
no matter what you've done,
you're still a clone.
Still one of us.
I can help you, but we need answers.
Why have I been activated?
One of the other operatives has gone dark.
His internal homing device remains intact.
So, we know he's alive.
My orders?
He's been compromised.
Track him down and neutralize him.
We know there are others like you.
Where are you based? Coruscant? Daro?
Tantiss?
Oh, yeah, we know about Tantiss.
And the clones imprisoned there.
Were you one of them?
Tell us where it is.
You need to push him harder.
[sighs]
Rex.
His data puck was a target register.
Who was he after?
Senator Singh.
But that wasn't the only person
on his list.
Contact Echo and Hunter.
We need to let them know.
We should bring them here.
No. No.
I-I don't want to involve them in this.
It's too late for that.
Crosshair is with them.
This is our chance to question him.
Echo's already done that.
But we haven't.
He knows more than he's saying.
If you want to locate Tantiss,
then we need him to talk.
[Batcher whines]
So, where exactly are we headed?
It's a base of sorts.
I thought your rendezvous with Gregor
was top priority.
Yeah, well, I'll pick him up
after dropping you lot off.
[whines]
Any idea why Rex wants us there
so urgently?
He didn't say. But it must be important.
They don't look happy to see us.
Just like old times, huh?
[laughs]
[Batcher barks]
Thanks for coming.
Good to see you, Rex.
Wish I felt the same.
I have unfinished business with this one.
Remember me?
Surprised I'm alive?
Most of my squad from Ryloth
is dead because of you.
Easy, Howzer.
I know you two have history.
But we're all on the same side now.
[scoffs]
Why'd you call us here, Captain?
We have something to show you. Follow me.
Omega!
I was planning on giving you this
after I made a few more modifications.
But, uh, now's as good a time as any.
[gasps] An energy crossbow.
Where did you get it?
Well, I've made a few interesting contacts
across the galaxy.
It's perfect.
Thank you, Echo.
Well, I won't be gone long.
You better head inside and, uh,
keep them in line. [grunts]
[console beeping]
[beeping continues]
Your numbers are growing.
Well, we need all the help we can get.
Once we find the exact coordinates
of the Tantiss Base,
we have to hit it hard if we're gonna pull
our brothers out of there.
I have questions about the facility,
but that's not the only reason
why I sent for you.
We recovered a target list from
an Imperial operative. And Omega's on it.
Not a surprise.
She escaped Imperial custody.
So did you. But you're not on the list.
Guess I'm not as valuable to them.
Or you're feeding them information.
You're gonna have to back down, Captain.
You expect us to believe
he was held on Tantiss for months,
but he doesn't know how to get back there?
Whether you believe me or not,
it's the truth.
But I'm not loyal to the Empire
any longer.
Your squad may trust you. But I don't.
[Batcher barks]
What's going on?
The Empire's targeting you again.
[chuckles] No surprise there.
[Rex] Why were they after you before?
To force Nala Se to cooperate
and conduct certain experiments.
Which were what?
She was working on something
involving M-Count.
I don't know what that means,
but they were taking blood samples
from everyone, even me.
M-Count?
You know what that is?
Well, I've heard it mentioned before.
But I can't say for sure.
What else can you tell us?
When we escaped, there wasn't
enough time to free the other clones.
We have to find a way to get them out.
We will.
[Fireball] Chow time.
Gregor's recipe,
with a few of my own spicy modifications.
Oh, now you're talking. [chuckles]
Wait.
There's more you should know.
Not all of the clones on Tantiss
are prisoners.
Some are loyal to the Empire.
There is a division of clones
trained as specialized operatives
and initiated into a secret
deep cover program run by Hemlock.
Their identities are erased.
They undergo conditioning.
The few that make it through
come out different.
If the program's so secretive,
how do you know about it?
Because they tried to make me
into one of them.
Tried?
It didn't work.
Being defective is in my nature.
You've encountered one before.
The assassin on Coruscant.
We've known they existed
but never knew exactly what they were.
What aren't you telling us?
We captured one.
I've tried questioning him,
but he hasn't been very cooperative.
You have one here? Alive?
Impossible.
The Empire would be on top of us already.
They have ways of tracking
their operatives.
We scanned him. He's clear.
It's not the kind of tracker
your scans would pick up.
Hemlock's smarter than that.
Where's the operative? Show us.
[whines]
-[barks]
-[Omega] It's okay.
[sighs] We won't be here long.
Here. You can have mine.
[wind whistling]
[console beeping]
[powering up]
[Scorch]
Have you neutralized the operative?
In progress.
However, I have a visual
on Dr. Hemlock's prime target.
Is it confirmed?
It's her.
She's with a group of rogue clones.
Send the coordinates
and prepare for the Recovery Strike Team.
The girl must be taken alive.
Understood.
[groans, pants]
We need to leave. Now.
If you want answers so badly,
why aren't you asking him?
Right, brother?
[powering down]
He's lying.
[assassin clone]
You're right about one thing.
They are coming for all of you.
-[chuckles]
-[explosion]
[clone trooper grunts]
Comms are down.
[assassin clone groans]
[chuckles]
We move out. Now!
[Wrecker] We got a shooter out here!
[blaster fire]
Shots coming from the back of the room!
Nemec, we need to get comms online.
What do we do?
Backup plan. Into the command post!
I'll cover you!
Go!
[grunts]
[clone trooper] Commander,
we've lost contact with the operative.
[commander]
Prepare to land and set blasters to stun.
Our orders are
to retrieve the target alive.